remplate-mail
	instance
	flaskr
		static
			css files
		templates
			html for landingpage, record_input and record_validate pages
	landing.py
		rendres the landingpage.
		there is where visitors can checck around, when any kind of content will be available
		and where the user will be able to log in and get to the next two pages
		('/')	
		'what s this all about' page
			describes the project history 
			informs about  whats up at the moment untill the site is ready
			('/about')	
		'map'
			this page will give a map about where these cases where registered
			obciosuly millions of ways  to put the db on a map.
			postgresql has a postGiS API,  with time..
			('/map')
		'Analytics'
			the page will be a dashboard where the visitors can see and filter data
			data will be visalised
			('/analytics')
						
	record_input.py
		This is where all the the record attributes will be entered in the appl
		logon required
		slieds left way to getto the validation page
		/workpad/input
	record_validate.py
		This is where the users can modify the data what they entered.
		logon required
		slides right way to get to the input page
		/workpad/validate	
	__init__.py
		creates the app
		registeing the blueprints
			

			
	
  whene the user clcicks on the edit, it needs to get the id of that coumn. the edits list index needs to inditace which id the function should take

  the taken id goes to a variable and make a query from the database.

  when it is done the line, needs to be feed into the html table, where the cells are editable. the submit button will change 

  the editable fileds will do the same api  what the input fileds, 

  the html api send the data to a function which compares the original and the new dicts and  


  weekly plan: 
  WTF-FLASK for input verification
  Anaytics plannaing (data serialization and prosgres migration with UI and feature planning .)

  no need for an extra id only fo to backup the id system. the id provided vy the resource is good. a function needs to check the if this id is already in the system. if not then good to go.
  when the id needs to be changed then the other id will be used